`SetupContext.get_env_modifications` fixes and documentation (#40683)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

4. :meth:`setup_dependent_run_environment <spack.package_base.PackageBase.setup_dependent_run_environment>`

The Qt package, for instance, uses this call:

.. literalinclude:: _spack_root/var/spack/repos/builtin/packages/qt/package.py
   :pyobject: Qt.setup_dependent_build_environment
   :linenos:

to set the ``QTDIR`` environment variable so that packages that depend on a particular Qt
installation will find it.

The following diagram will give you an idea when each of these methods is called in a build
context:

.. image:: images/setup_env.png
   :align: center

Notice that ``setup_dependent_run_environment`` can be called multiple times, once for each
dependent package, whereas ``setup_run_environment`` is called only once for the package itself.
This means that the former should only be used if the environment variables depend on the dependent
package, whereas the latter should be used if the environment variables depend only on the package
itself.

--------------------------------
Setting package module variables
--------------------------------

Apart from modifying environment variables of the dependent package, you can also define Python

> variables to be used in the dependent. This is done by implementing

Reviewer: What about `by` here?

```suggestion
variables to be used by the dependent. This is done by implementing
```

:meth:`setup_dependent_package <spack.package_base.PackageBase.setup_dependent_package>`. An
example of this can be found in the ``Python`` package:

.. literalinclude:: _spack_root/var/spack/repos/builtin/packages/python/package.py
   :pyobject: Python.setup_dependent_package
   :linenos:

This allows Python packages to directly use these variables:

.. code-block:: python

   def install(self, spec, prefix):
       ...
       install("script.py", python_platlib)

.. note::

>    We recommend to use ``setup_dependent_package`` sparingly, as it is not always clear where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We recommend using ``setup_dependent_package`` sparingly, as it is not always clear where
```
